firewall :  protect (a network or system) from unauthorized access with a firewall.
vulnerability the quality or state of being exposed to the possibility of being attacked or harmed, either physically or emotionally.

Penetration test is a simulated cyberattack against your computer system to check for exploitable vulnerabilities
Pen testing can involve the attempted breaching of any number of application systems, (e.g., application protocol interfaces (APIs), frontend/backend servers) to uncover vulnerabilities, such as unsanitized inputs that are susceptible to code injection attacks.

SQL injection is the placement of malicious code in SQL statements, via web page input.

Active attacks: 
An Active attack attempts to alter system resources or effect their operations. 
Active attack involve some modification of the data stream or creation of false statement. 
Types of active attacks are as following:
	1)Masquerade –Masquerade attack takes place when one entity pretends to be different entity. 
			A Masquerade attack involves one of the other form of active attacks.
	2)Modification of messages –It means that some portion of a message is altered or that message is delayed or reordered to produce an unauthorised effect. 
					For example, a message meaning “Allow JOHN to read confidential file X” is modified as “Allow Smith to read confidential file X”.
	3) Repudiation –This attack is done by either sender or receiver. 
			The sender or receiver can deny later that he/she has send or receive a message. 
			For example, customer ask his Bank “To transfer an amount to someone” and later on the sender(customer) deny that he had made such a request. 
			This is repudiation.
	4)Replay –It involves the passive capture of a message and its subsequent the transmission to produce an authorized effect
	Denial of Service –
		It prevents normal use of communication facilities. 
		This attack may have a specific target. For example, an entity may suppress all messages directed to a particular destination. 
		Another form of service denial is the disruption of an entire network wither by disabling the network or by overloading it by messages so as to degrade performance.
		
Passive attacks: A Passive attack attempts to learn or make use of information from the system but does not affect system resources. 
		The release of message content : Bob reads the content of message which Lilly sends to Jhon
		Traffic analysis –		Bob observes the pattern of messages exchanged between Lilly and Jhon

Malware – short for malicious software which is specifically designed to disrupt, damage, or gain authorized access to a computer system. 

Virus – A malware which requires some form of user’s interaction to infect the user’s device.
Worm – A malware which can enter a device without any explicit user interaction. For example, a user may be running a vulnerable network application to which an attacker can send malware. 
		